---
title: Translating Ideas Into Profits
event_date: 2019-05-29
start_time: "7:00"
end_time: "9:00"
address: 100 Christina St. N. Sarnia, Ontario
price: free
fb_link: "https://www.facebook.com/events/2625651154175656/"
---


Join the Sarnia Tech Community as we have our monthly gathering where we discuss tech, business and entrepreneurship.

This month's topic: Translating Ideas Into Profits

Intended for: Beginner - Intermediate Level

There will be time to network and we provide snacks.

-----

An idea is worthless unless you can articulate a value proposition and determine the feasibility of creating sales and sustained profitable growth. Many entrepreneurs never know why they may be turned down for funding; be it for start-up, growth, or funding quick opportunities.

The discussion provides a planning framework and helps entrepreneurs plan for success and provide an understanding of what financial institutions and investors are looking for in funding opportunities.

-----

Rudy Fischer has helped many start-up and small companies secure millions in funding. He will draw on his career highlights and over 50 client engagements to highlight the entrepreneurial journey, challenges faced, and what successful entrepreneurs do to stay on track.

-----

Further discussion about this event will be on our [Slack Chat](https://sarnia.slack.com/).

-----

The Sarnia Tech Community is a grassroots group of tech professionals, educators, hobbyists and business owners that gather to discuss and play with technology.